Add recording related information to NEST 3 transition guide. (#1379)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/guides/from_nest2_to_nest3.rst

  |                                                                  |                                                                     |
  +------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+

Improved infrastructure for handling recordings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In NEST 2.x, all recording modalities (i.e. *screen*, *memory*, and
*files*) were handled by a single C++ class. Due to the many different
responsibilities and the resulting complexity of this class, extending
and maintaining it was rather burdensome.

With NEST 3.0 we replaced this single class by an extensible and
modular infrastructure for handling recordings: each modality is now
taken care of by a specific recording backend and each recorder can
use one of them to handle its data.

> NEST 3.0 brings recording backends for all modalities supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NEST 3.0 supports the same recording backends for all modalities 
```

> already in NEST 2.x. If compiled with support for `SIONlib

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as in NEST 2.x. If compiled with support for `SIONlib
```

<http://www.fz-juelich.de/jsc/sionlib>`_, an additional backend for
writing binary files in parallel becomes available. This is especially
useful on large clusters and supercomputers.

Changes
^^^^^^^

In NEST 2.x, the recording modality was selected by either providing a
list of modalities to the `record_to` property, or by setting one or
more of the flags `to_file`, `to_memory`, or `to_screen` to *True*.

> In NEST 3.0, the individual flags are gone and the `record_to`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In NEST 3.0, the individual flags are gone, and the `record_to`
```

> property now expects the name of the backend to use. Recording to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
property now expects the name of the backend you want to use. Recording to
```

> multiple modalities from a single device is not possible anymore and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multiple modalities from a single device is no longer possible. 
```

> individual devices have to be created and configured if this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Individual devices have to be created and configured if this
```

functionality is needed.

> All following examples assume that the variable `mm` points to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples assume that the variable `mm` points to a
```

> ``multimeter`` instance, i.e. that ``mm = nest.Create('multimeter')``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``multimeter`` instance, i.e.,  ``mm = nest.Create('multimeter')``
```

  |                                                      |                                |
  |     nest.SetStatus(mm, {'record_to': ["file"]})      |     mm.record_to = "ascii"     |
  |     nest.SetStatus(mm, {'record_to': ["screen"]})    |     mm.record_to = "screen"    |
  |     nest.SetStatus(mm, {'record_to': ["memory"]})    |     mm.record_to = "memory"    |
  |                                                      |                                |
  +------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------+
  | ::                                                   | ::                             |
  |                                                      |                                |
  |     nest.SetStatus(mm, {'to_file': True})            |     mm.record_to = "ascii"     |
  |     nest.SetStatus(mm, {'to_screen': True})          |     mm.record_to = "screen"    |
  |     nest.SetStatus(mm, {'to_memory': True})          |     mm.record_to = "memory"    |
  |                                                      |                                |
  +------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------+

> The list of available backends can be retrieved using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retrieve the list of available backends using the following command:
```
Nothing wrong with what you had, but I tend to prefer including some more active voice in the instructions

 ::

    list(nest.GetKernelStatus("recording_backends").keys())

Previously, the content and formatting of any output created by a
recording devices could be configured in a fine-grained fashion using
flags like `withgid`, `withtime`, `withweight`, `withport` and so
on. In many cases, this, however, lead to a confusing variety of
possible interpretations of data columns for the resulting output.

As storage space is usually not a concern nowadays, the new
infrastructure does not have this plethora of options, but rather
always writes all available data. In addition, most backends now write
the name of the recorded variable for each column as a descriptive
meta-data header prior to writing any data.

The `accumulator_mode` of the ``multimeter`` has been dropped, as it
was not used by anyone to the best of our knowledge and supporting it
made the code more complex and prone to errors. In case of high user
demand, the functionality will be re-added in form of a recording
backend.

> All details about the new infrastucture can be found in the guide on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All details about the new infrastructure can be found in the guide on
```
